We took the initiative to apologize
YES YES YES
In the past, we disrupted the market and apologized to Miss Shangguan
We still have something to do
Don't bother
Hey
Ye Feng, can you have some courtesy?
Send the two bosses quickly.
No, no.
Let's go by ourselves
More comfortable oops
It's okay, it should be
Why is Ye Feng still standing there motionless?
Come on, Tianlong
I'm going to drop off the guests
Be right back
No, no, no, we'll go by ourselves
You two still have some eyesight
Do you still dare to target the Shangguan family in the future?
dare not dare
Don't dare again next time
Lord Qian Shao calm down
If I had known earlier that you were the son-in-law of the Shangguan family
Even if we swallow the sky
I dare not do that.
If it doesn't look good next time, go away.
Wife
Are you going to keep hiding it from me?
biological adult